remember the pixel buds Pro well there's
another one the pro twos and are these
the de facto airpods for Android or did
Samsung take that crown with their new
buds that look a lot like airpods now we
got a completely cardboard case here and
you know what that looks like a Google
pixelbuds case I don't think they've
changed that basically at all except for
this little doohickey down here which I
think is for the new find by buds
feature inside we find ear ear tips for
different sizes of ear holes wow a lural
two-page IKEA style guide how to put
them in your ears and then the whole
like warning this is illegal in
California your head will explode we're
all going to die no charging cable
whatsoever not even a little you know
inchworm piece of crap C to a like
nothing just nothing although I guess
maybe they're making the argument that
they like support wireless charging so
you know you have a charger it's your
phone you just pop this thing on top of
there I don't know how do they sleep at
night look at last year's model very
similar different little bottom thing
and another thing you might notice at
first glance these just look like pixel
buds don't they but actually they're
tiny now look at that they used to be
about 25% bigger and heavier they made
these so small now they almost look
miniature it's kind of
weird that's pretty kind of sucks it
right in there if I put it backwards
it's that's that's not going to happen
happen what if I go the wrong way come
on no they're basically keyed and of
course you got the indicator light this
isn't the only color though there's four
in total including Hazel py which is
pink and Porcelain normal white I'm
going to get these things in my head
here and listen to them on the old this
old coffee bean design from last year is
just completely smooth but the new one
has this little Sports fin on it and
they actually say this as a feature you
can choose to put it in your ear with it
not in contact with your PIN
or you can rotate it so that that fin is
I think on the back you just put them in
and turn until it's in contact with your
ear and it's like super in place if you
want to do wind Sprints or hit training
or something so let's see what is up
with these if I even feel like I can put
them in multiple orientations cuz I'll
say right off the bat when I don't have
them rotated in like they are now which
does feel very secure if I rotate them
this
way it feels like they're kind of
downward and especially on this wacky
ear that I have they feel like they
could maybe come out I think the idea is
that you're sacrificing fit for
long-term Comfort if I wear it like this
for 8 hours it'll be more comfortable
than if I if I'm locked in I feel like
I'm getting a pretty good seal with the
medium tips so I'm going to keep those
on let's get these back in the case so I
can pair them to my device here we have
a pixel 9 so this will actually support
all the features that these earphones
have I mentioned the question are these
the airpods of Android and I think an
argument for no is whether there's
features on here that are only supported
by certain phones and the Samsungs have
that too this feature you have to have
the new Galaxy or the new pixel in this
case there's no Bluetooth over Ultra
wide band if you don't have a pixel 6 or
newer oh there it is and it's even green
a cool thing about the way Google does
this is there's no secondary app it's
all in the settings page which is does
it really matter I don't know definitely
going to have a limited functionality
that way but something cool about it you
know on the other hand if you are for
some reason getting these to go with
your iPhone you're just just not going
to have an app all right before we dive
into this though I'm just going to
listen to music let's listen to how they
sound right after this message from our
sponsor gotcha thanks to T for
sponsoring today's video they're calling
in to help you stop overpaying for your
phone bill get access to flexible plans
starting from as low as five bucks a
month and up to only $25 a month for
unlimited data and minutes you can
upgrade downgrade or cancel anytime no
long-term contracts no hidden fees and
no Sur prises it's like building your
perfect Subway sandwich but for your
phone plan mixing the data and the
minutes you need all on a reliable
Nationwide Network so check out T's
super affordable phone plans using the
link in the description lately me and my
children are obsessed with this song
called the metal by Tenacious
D that song rules it's so
funny okay I didn't even get to the
loudest Notch there that was very loud
although they didn't sound awful like I
remember the Samsung started to get a
little like cilent and harsh sounding up
there that was just I was just winsing
cuz it was so loud I do want to try them
with noise counseling off though because
as we'll see in the graphs in a minute
they actually sound different if you
look at the frequency response curve
that we have provided to us graciously
by headphones.com thank you in the base
and up into the mids it's a little too
loud about the target curve I should say
uh whereas in the treble there's a
little bit where it's actually a bit
depressed but now look at the frequency
respon curve for A&C on where it's way
more natural the reading really closely
follows that Target curve through the
base and through the mid-range until you
get to this big wonky lump here around
600 to 700 and then it's kind of a
little bit all over the place in the
trouble overall I would say they do
sound pretty dang good like I was
rocking out in these things I think you
will too they took an opposite approach
to Samsung who with their default
listening mode I would I would call ay
on default personally um they wanted it
to be a little more Bassy and as I said
in that video I think that was kind of
the right move because I think most
people like to have the bass turned up a
little bit Google here went kind of the
natural route but of course with both
these devices you can change that with
EQ in the app or non-app as it were uh
let's check that out now checking our
settings menu here we have fine device
which is new and we'll actually put the
location on a map which is very cool
once you get close you can make it ring
here is the EQ oh do they not even give
you little knobbies they have presets
sets like heavy base light base balanced
vocal boost Clarity and last save here
we go custom equalizer you get five
little knobbies and do I get to name my
Custom Creation I guess last saved you
does that mean you can't have multiple
that you save that's kind of weak
there's no option to name them or
whatever so it's just one one custom one
and then Volume EQ enhances base and
trouble frequencies at lower volume
levels this actually is an option unlike
on the Samsung buds 3 Pro they didn't
even have an option for volume dependent
EQ which means you turn the music down
and it all just goes down with this
option on when you turn the music down
some parts of the frequency notably the
Basse and some parts of the treble will
actually get boosted in volume because
our ear is not as sensitive to those
frequencies at lower volumes so it's
nice to have the option there's an ear
tip seal check that's useful to make
sure that you're using the right size
tips on your earbuds getting a good seal
will give you better Basse response oh
conversation detection this is not a new
fature but it's a fature I've never
tried whereby you can automatically
switch from noise cancellation to
transparency mode when someone starts
talking to you I'm going to try it out
noise cancellation is on and now I'm
talking oh look at that it automatically
changed it's when you talk it's not when
someone talks to you so interesting and
I can actually dismiss it by
tapping there it goes it works oh
no you can't stop it once it's starts I
do wonder if it'll switch to
transparency mode just from me singing
along to music but I I won't make you
suffer through watching that
demonstration so and here's what the
three onboard microphones in each earbud
sound like when you do a voice recording
or a call uh you know that the voice
recording is going through the earbuds
because the phone has been taken away by
my lovely assistant I will say this
conversation detection is actually quite
annoying and I am turning it off and I
probably wouldn't actually use that but
I'm a talkative guy apparently with the
new fancy Google tensor chip on here I
have the ability to use a new special
wake word for I guess not the Google
Assistant exactly but for more like
talking to Gemini they llm so I can
interrupt it when it's speaking I can
have conversations with it but I can't
do other tasks like I would with Google
assistance so let's just give it a spin
with the new wake word which is hey
Google let's
[Music]
talk well we couldn't get that working
um every time I said Hey Google let's
talk the Google Assistant would just go
clunk sure I love talking and then it
would be end of interaction it wasn't
any kind of continuous conversation mode
I really don't think that um I entered
the mode I was trying to enter
ever and we can't figure out why it's a
shame cuz I really would like to check
that out I I wish I could you know tell
it to read me my new email maybe if I'm
driving or I could um send a text
message in a way that's more liable and
easy easier than the crappy Google I can
I can never get it to send an SMS on my
phone or my watch I'd like to try that
stuff I'd like to ask it what's on my
calendar for this week coming up and
stuff like that and maybe you know just
have a companion but not today forever
alone for battery life claims they are
saying 12 hours of listening on these
guys and total 48 Hours altogether with
the charging case if you have active
noise cancelling off which I don't um so
having it on you're going to get that
cut down to 8 hours on the buds and 30
hours altogether with this if you have
active noise cancelling off and you
charge it in the case for 5 minutes you
get an hour and a half of music playback
and kind of Rapid Fire time here they
support Bluetooth 5.4 and Bluetooth LE
they also have ingress protection of
ip54 which is kind of standard to okay
but I will say Samsung raised the bar
with having a water protection of seven
meaning you could actually submerge them
for 30 minutes under a meter of water
these do not this this has a ink
protection water rating of four which
means just splashes don't go swimming
don't even wear them in the shower just
you can wear them in the rain and you
can sweat them at the gym and that is
pretty standard but you know there
competition is tight now um it's nice
that they do have a a dust protection
rating of five six is the highest many
earbuds just don't even have a rating
there so cool that they have five for
codex they don't have any high quality
high resolution codex they just have AAC
and SBC which is on like every Bluetooth
um device so no like app deck um or
anything like that overall I really like
these it's cool that they shrank the
buds I guess it would have been cool if
they also shrank the case a little bit
but it's small enough yeah I like these
things I would buy them I'm currently
rocking some Sony's but these are
smaller I mean they're newer too there's
definitely more affordable buds on the
market but in this kind of tier where
you've got airpods and Samsung's Galaxy
buds they are a little cheaper coming
out at 2 $30 so you can save 20 or 30
bucks compared to those other ones if
you if you like them that's just that's
just bonus then it's just like why not
icy on the cake thanks for watching guys
if you like this video watch our
coverage of other buds from nothing cmf
if you really want to save money or
Samsung cyber truck looking buds um
which element are pretty cool and I
probably would say are the direct
competitors to these